TESTER:TEST DATE:

BASIN TEST SET UP:
1. Install drain assembly onto basin for testing
2. Install and connect drain solenoid to drain and drain hose
3. Connect valve plate/bottom fill faucet to hot and cold-water lines.
4. For E-Sink Basins: 
a. Loosing the temperature sensor and place inside of basin
b. Attach a calibrated temperature sensor probe inside bottom fill and another near the middle of the basin (close to the basin temperature sensor)
TEMPERATURE CALIBRATION STEPS:
Materials Required: 
• Calibrated Fluke 52 II Dual Probe Digital Thermometer or similar
• Insulated cup 
Procedure:
1. Press the cog on the top right of the main page 
2. Enter “1111” to access the configuration settings page 
3. Press “Temperature” tab on the left side bar 
4. First calibrate a low temperature point by pressing on the “Cold” button 
5. Wait for 1 minute.
6. Collect some water in the insulated cup
7. Insert Fluke temperature probe marked T1 into the insulated cup 
8. Drop the basin temperature sensor in the insulated cup
9. Insert 1 Fluke temperature probe marked T2 into the bottom fill outlet from the basin 
10. Wait for 3 min 
11. Check to see if the raw sensor readings have stabilized (within ± 3 units)
12. Once stabilized, click sample under the “Mixing” column and “Cold” row and input the Fluke reading from the temperature probe inside the bottom fill port 
13. Click sample under the “Basin” column and “Cold” row and input the Fluke reading from the temperature probe inside the insulated cup 
14. Repeat for “Mixing” and “Hot” row for “Mixing” and “Basin” columns 
FLOW METER CALIBRATION PROCEDURE:
Materials Required: 
• Level 
Procedure: 
1. Ensure the sink is level (can be leveled using the leveling feet) 
2. Press the cog on the top right of the main page 
3. Enter “1111” to access the configuration settings page 
4. Disable temperature control on the configuration page to not deplete hot water during calibration
5. Press on “Flow” tab on the left side bar 
6. Press “Drain” and ensure there is no water in the sink basin and then press “Stop” once empty 
7. Press “Reset” to reset the flow meter counter 
8. Press “Fill” to start bottom filling 
9. Press “Stop” once the water level is at the 40L mark corresponding to the basin volume etching 
10. Press “Mark” and input “40” Liters 


GENERAL SINK TEST: 
TESTPROCEDUREEXPECTATIONPASSTest 1-APlug sinks main power cord into electrical outletE-Drain: All buttons are lit and 
E-Sink: GUI on touchscreen(s) are displayed☐Test 2-APress height adjustment button on sink to raise sinkSink height increases when pressing up. ☐Test 2-BPress height adjustment button on sink to lower sinkSink height decreases when pressing down☐
E-DRAIN TEST PROCEDURE:TESTPROCEDUREEXPECTATIONBASIN 1
☐ N/ABASIN 2
☐ N/ABASIN 3
☐ N/ATest 1-AOpen bottom fill faucet to fill basin below the overflow sensorWater level will rise☐☐☐Test 1-BPress E-Drain Button to drain water until timer endsWater level will decrease until basin is empty.☐☐☐Test 2-AFill basin until overflow sensor is activated.  Drain will open and water level will decrease☐☐☐Test 2-BWait for 10 – 15 seconds for overflow sensor to de-activateDrain will close☐☐☐Test 2-CStart filling basin again to ensure drain is closedWater level will increase again☐☐☐Test 3-A
☐ N/APress Overhead LED Light Button to cycle through modes and then turn LED light off. LED light will cycle through brightness and then turn off☐☐☐Test 3-B
☐ N/APress Basin Light to turn light on/off Basin light will turn on/off☐☐☐
NOTE: If the mixing procedure is timing out, enter configuration page (1111) and on the “Mixing” tab, factory reset the parameters 















BASIN 1
☐ N/ABASIN 2
☐ N/ABASIN 3
☐ N/ATouchscreen SN [T2-TS7]:Touchscreen Software Version:Valve Plate SN [T2-VALVE-PLATE]:Control Box SN:Control Box QE:Control Box QFU:Dosing Pump SN:Dosing Pump QE:Dosing Pump QFU:

E-SINK TEST PROCEDURE:TESTPROCEDUREEXPECTATION123Test 1-ACalibrate sink and basin temperature by following the Temperature Calibration ProcedureWater temperature is calibrated to the calibrated thermometer and reading within 2C☐☐☐Test 1-BCalibrate flow meter by following Flow Meter Calibration ProcedureFlow meter is now calibrated, water level should match etched marking on sink basin once filling is complete☐☐☐Test 2-AFill:
Set mixing temp to 20 deg C.
Push Fill button

Water will begin flowing.
Verify there are no leaks in the valve plate or bottom fill assembly.
If there are leaks, turn bottom fill faucet off, use stop button on touchscreen or emergency stop button on sink.
Stop filling to proceed.☐☐☐Test 2-BWith calibrated thermometer, insert probe into bottom-fill faucet location.Drain valve closes when mixing temperature is reached.
Calibrated thermometer shows water flowing through bottom fill within 4 deg C of target mixing (40C) temperature.☐☐☐Set mixing temp to 40 deg C
Push Fill buttonWait for water to reach mixing temperature.Test 2-CWith calibrated thermometer, insert probe into basin alongside the basin’s temperature sensor.Calibrated thermometer shows water flowing through bottom fill within 2 deg C of target mixing (40C) temperature.☐☐☐Test 3-AFill sink basin to the level of the overflow sensorE-Sink Basin:
Drain will open and overflow message will appear on screen☐☐☐Test 3-BWait for water level to drop.  Wait 5 seconds after water is below the overflow sensorOverflow message will disappear off the screen.
Drain will close and water will continue filling.☐☐☐Test 4-A
☐ N/APress Overhead LED Light Button to cycle through modes and then turn LED light off. LED light will cycle through brightness and then turn off☐☐☐Test 4-B
☐ N/APress Basin light button on GUI to turn basin light on/offBasin light will turn on/off☐☐☐Test 5-A
☐ N/APress the dose button on the GUIDosing Pump starts spinning.  Completes on its own after a short time☐☐☐
SINK BASIN END OF LINE TESTING 
SINK BUILD #:

CLT.T2.01REV 1.0Page 1 of 2

